<div id="table-of-contents">
<h2>Table of Contents</h2>
<div id="text-table-of-contents">
<ul>
<li><a href="#sec-1">1. Attendees</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-2">2. Previous Action Items</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-3">3. Addressing Faculty</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-4">4. CC-ing Dr. Shiroma</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-5">5. Student Wish List</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-6">6. ECUH Meeting</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-7">7. Stipend Letter</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-8">8. Minutes</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-9">9. Future SAB Officers</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-10">10. Etc.</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-11">11. Action Items</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-12">12. 10/23/14 Minutes Approved <span class="timestamp-wrapper"><span class="timestamp">&lt;2014-10-29 Wed 17:35&gt;</span></span></a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-13">13. Meeting Adjourned</a></li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>

# Attendees<a id="sec-1" name="sec-1"></a>

-   Kaleo
-   Bronson
-   Felix
-   Christian
-   Trevor
-   Colene
-   Kenny
-   Andy
-   Jared

# Previous Action Items<a id="sec-2" name="sec-2"></a>

-   [ ] Colene to follow up on remaining officer photos
-   [ ] Bronson to talk to Shiroma about upgrading the server
-   [ ] Look through IAB minutes in the next meeting
-   [X] Christian to put the list on Github
-   [X] Kaleo to email the SAB to create a Github account
-   [ ] Ken to make fliers for ECUH meeting
-   [ ] Trevor to make slides for ECUH meeting
-   [X] Colene and Kenny to finalize the EE315 book plan with IEEE

# Addressing Faculty<a id="sec-3" name="sec-3"></a>

-   Word choice is vital

# CC-ing Dr. Shiroma<a id="sec-4" name="sec-4"></a>

-   cc Dr. Shiroma on relevant topics

# Student Wish List<a id="sec-5" name="sec-5"></a>

-   Cristian, Bronson, Kenny, Kaleo, Colene, Trevor to work on Professional Fees Wish List right after meeting

# ECUH Meeting<a id="sec-6" name="sec-6"></a>

-   November 3, 6pm-7pm
-   POST 214
-   Reformatted fliers still needed
-   Trevor to make a presentation for the ECUH Meeting
-   Old reports from the dropbox to be added to the website

# Stipend Letter<a id="sec-7" name="sec-7"></a>

-   Andy Pham and Zachary to sign

# Minutes<a id="sec-8" name="sec-8"></a>

-   Minutes should be posted on the website once the board approves of the minutes

# Future SAB Officers<a id="sec-9" name="sec-9"></a>

-   Student fees representative and SAB chair to be decided first
-   Have future officers learn from the current officers
-   Provide updates on SAB in general meetings
-   SAB should be advertised
-   Post information about current officers on website as examples for future officers

# Etc.<a id="sec-10" name="sec-10"></a>

-   Be flexible with reports
-   Provide a set time to discuss ways to improve SAB
-   Have potentially two successors by January
-   More details on IEEE documentations and systems

# Action Items<a id="sec-11" name="sec-11"></a>

-   [x] Colene to follow up on remaining officer photos
-   [ ] Bronson to talk to June about upgrading the server
-   [ ] Look through IAB minutes in the next meeting
-   [x] Trevor to make slides for ECUH meeting
-   [x] Ken to take care of the information fliers/posters
-   [x] Trevor to make presentations fo the ECUH Meeting
-   [x] Professional Fees wish list to be updated
-   [ ] Submit a paragraph about yourself and some form of resume (might be optional) on website

# 10/23/14 Minutes Approved <span class="timestamp-wrapper"><span class="timestamp">&lt;2014-10-29 Wed 17:35&gt;</span></span><a id="sec-12" name="sec-12"></a>

-   7 Approved
-   1 Abstained

# Meeting Adjourned<a id="sec-13" name="sec-13"></a>

-   <span class="timestamp-wrapper"><span class="timestamp">&lt;2014-10-29 Wed 17:37&gt;</span></span>
