---
layout: minutes
title:  February 2nd, 2015 Minutes
date:   2015-02-04
categories: minutes
---
<div id="table-of-contents">
<h2>Table of Contents</h2>
<div id="text-table-of-contents">
<ul>
<li><a href="#sec-1">1. Attendees</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-2">2. Meeting Start <span class="timestamp-wrapper"><span class="timestamp">&lt;2015-02-04 Wed 17:02&gt;</span></span></a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-3">3. Student Fees List 2015-2016</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-4">4. Matlab</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-5">5. Student Fees Proposed List for this Year</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-6">6. CNC Mill</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-7">7. Survey</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-8">8. Trevor's Last Meeting</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-9">9. 12/12 Minutes</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-10">10. Next Meeting Foreshadowing</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-11">11. Action Items</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-12">12. Meeting Adjourned <span class="timestamp-wrapper"><span class="timestamp">&lt;2015-02-04 Wed 18:24&gt;</span></span></a></li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>

# Attendees<a id="sec-1" name="sec-1"></a>

-   Kaleo
-   Dr. Shiroma
-   Trevor
-   Jared
-   Kenny
-   Christian
-   Felix
-   Bronson @ <span class="timestamp-wrapper"><span class="timestamp">&lt;2015-02-04 Wed 17:12&gt;</span></span>

# Meeting Start <span class="timestamp-wrapper"><span class="timestamp">&lt;2015-02-04 Wed 17:02&gt;</span></span><a id="sec-2" name="sec-2"></a>

# Student Fees List 2015-2016<a id="sec-3" name="sec-3"></a>

-   Kaleo: full list deadline March 16
-   Shiroma: do not need to chip away from the list since the budget is unknown
-   Kaleo: Proposed similar survey for list like last year
    -   Christian: the survey could be more general than last year's
-   Shiroma: IEEE meeting is a good place to hear comments/suggestions for the list
    -   Could provide information not related to the budget
-   Kenny: Suggested anonymous comment box at IEEE
-   Christian and Kaleo to plan for budget listing (Feb 18)

# Matlab<a id="sec-4" name="sec-4"></a>

-   Bronson: June looked into installing Matlab into the server
-   Bronson: 200 Matlab licenses have been approved and purchased.
-   Trevor and Kenny: Keep the board and the students informed
-   Shiroma: Any form of interpersonal conflicts that cause problems with the budget will be dealt by him
-   Bronson: Students who have filled out the form and have paid their student forms are eligible to get a Matlab license
-   Kenny, Trevor, Felix: The process of how the license is handed out should be explained on the form
-   Bronson: Should be available to both students that have not taken the classes that require Matlab as well as the students that are currently taking said classes
-   Felix, Bronson: Liane to approve the time frame for distributing licenses
-   Bronson: Tuition to pay for Matlab
-   Trevor: Summary of things that need to be addressed 
    -   1.Department field unnecessary
    -   2.Figure out Processing time
    -   3. Blessing for number 6
    -   4.Students currently taking and not taking Matlab-dependent classes
-   Bronson: Underclassmen have priority
-   Bronson: Renew licenses yearly
-   Kaleo: Change the SAB email on the form
-   Kenny: add revisions 2 and 3 to the Github

# Student Fees Proposed List for this Year<a id="sec-5" name="sec-5"></a>

-   Kaleo: Dean approved list of purchases
    -   Shiroma: Around 70% of student list, and around 40% of faculty list were sent to the dean's office
-   Shiroma: Matlab was not on the student list originally; Matlab added at a later time

# CNC Mill<a id="sec-6" name="sec-6"></a>

-   Kenny: request to share information about this to IEEE
-   Kaleo: have policy papers in the lab room (Holmes 450)
-   Kaleo: policy should be found in dropbox
-   Bronson: Project lab room should be open to the public
-   Kaleo: there are plans to renovate the project lab room that are currently awaiting approval

# Survey<a id="sec-7" name="sec-7"></a>

-   Christian: Google does not allow any account except UH accounts to fill out the survey

# Trevor's Last Meeting<a id="sec-8" name="sec-8"></a>

-   He will be missed

# 12/12 Minutes<a id="sec-9" name="sec-9"></a>

-   Approved on <span class="timestamp-wrapper"><span class="timestamp">&lt;2015-02-04 Wed 18:21&gt;</span></span>
    -   5 Approved
    -   2 Assumingly Abstained

# Next Meeting Foreshadowing<a id="sec-10" name="sec-10"></a>

-   Recruiting Members

# Action Items<a id="sec-11" name="sec-11"></a>

-   [ ] Kaleo and Christian to work on the budget list
-   [X] Kaleo to either email Gail or visit in person at Holmes 246
-   [X] Matlab form needs to be revised
-   [X] Matlab form revisions 2 and 3 to be posted to Github
-   [ ] Post the CNC Mill policy paper onto the website
-   [ ] Ask Dr. Shiroma to make the project lab room public
-   [ ] Felix to research tutoring options
-   [X] Felix to email Dr. Shiroma, to email Jodi for the report
-   [X] Kenny to talk to June to upgrade the server

# Meeting Adjourned <span class="timestamp-wrapper"><span class="timestamp">&lt;2015-02-04 Wed 18:24&gt;</span></span><a id="sec-12" name="sec-12"></a>
