<div id="table-of-contents">
<h2>Table of Contents</h2>
<div id="text-table-of-contents">
<ul>
<li><a href="#sec-1">1. Attendees</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-2">2. IAB Presentation</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-3">3. New EE Project Lab Room Ideas</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-4">4. Survey</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-5">5. Stipends Issue</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-6">6. Website</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-7">7. Feedback</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-8">8. Future Discussions</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-9">9. Previous Action Items</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-10">10. SAB Professional Fees Minutes</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-11">11. Action Items</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-12">12. Meeting Adjourned</a></li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>

# Attendees<a id="sec-1" name="sec-1"></a>

-   Kaleo
-   Bronson
-   Christian
-   Felix
-   Trevor
-   Kenny
-   Zach
-   Jared

# IAB Presentation<a id="sec-2" name="sec-2"></a>

-   Relation between IEEE, HKN and SAB 
    -   revision: ASUH and ECUH to be added
-   Website Revision: anonymous comments box (made by Felix and Trevor)
-   Crossroads
    -   Tight budget (link to budget to be added)
-   Revision: TA system potentially should be discussed
-   What we are doing now
    -   Website
    -   Student online survey (Revision: High Priority)
    -   Improving New EE Project Lab Room
-   Problems
    -   Tight Budget (High Emphasis)
    -   Revision: Help for June
    -   Revision: Program Language Awareness

# New EE Project Lab Room Ideas<a id="sec-3" name="sec-3"></a>

-   Logic Analyzer

# Survey<a id="sec-4" name="sec-4"></a>

-   19 responses
-   Faculty potentially encouraged to have students fill out survey
-   Gift card idea potentially used for future surveys

# Stipends Issue<a id="sec-5" name="sec-5"></a>

-   Educate the professors about the stipends issue
-   Letter about the stipends to be drafted by Trevor

# Website<a id="sec-6" name="sec-6"></a>

-   Switched to Jeckyll
    -   Makes it easy to update
    -   accessible via github
    -   markdown versions of minutes easily transferrable to website
-   Anonymous comments box in contact section
    -   currently under local host
    -   should be sent to email
    -   Fix some grammatical errors
-   Archive page needs to be updated
-   Contact page
    -   Email needs to be changed
-   News Page needs to be updated
    -   Current news page to be moved to the archive page
-   End Goal: everything should be posted on the website

# Feedback<a id="sec-7" name="sec-7"></a>

-   Replies should be more often

# Future Discussions<a id="sec-8" name="sec-8"></a>

-   Diversifying the IAB

# Previous Action Items<a id="sec-9" name="sec-9"></a>

-   [X] Action item: IAB agenda to follow from Prof. Shiroma
-   [X] Action item: SAB demographics to be submitted to Prof. Shiroma (Kaleo)
-   [X] Action item: Dropbox cleanup (Bronson)
-   [X] Action item: Prof. Shiroma to distribute through x96 faculty
-   [ ] Action item: Colene to coordinate time for room tour
-   [X] Action item: Prof. Shiroma to coordinate with Prof. Malhotra/Cory to store unneeded items
-   [ ] Action: Draft letter to Dean Peter Crouch (CoE) asking for clear position statement regarding stipend policy (Trevor, Felix)
-   [X] Action item: Trevor to train Ken and Felix in website dev
-   [ ] Colene to follow up on remaining officer photos
-   [X] Christian Liawang to meet with John Liang (former fee rep)

# SAB Professional Fees Minutes<a id="sec-10" name="sec-10"></a>

-   Upgraded Equipment estimated cost: $400 per pop
-   Upgrade the server
-   Minutes Approved

# Action Items<a id="sec-11" name="sec-11"></a>

-   [ ] Additions to powerpoint presentation
-   [ ] Kenny to add programming language to presentation
-   [ ] Bronson to talk to Shiroma about upgrading the server
-   [ ] Felix and Trevor to push the website and send a link to it
-   [ ] Christian to talk to Lori about the extension on Thursday

# Meeting Adjourned<a id="sec-12" name="sec-12"></a>

<span class="timestamp-wrapper"><span class="timestamp">&lt;2014-10-14 Tue 18:13&gt;</span></span>
