<div id="table-of-contents">
<h2>Table of Contents</h2>
<div id="text-table-of-contents">
<ul>
<li><a href="#sec-1">1. Attendees</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-2">2. IAB Meeting Recap</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-3">3. Stipend Letter Draft</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-4">4. Student Fee Poll</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-5">5. EE315 Textbook Loan Issue</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-6">6. Github</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-7">7. ECUH Meeting</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-8">8. Future Meetings</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-9">9. Previous Action Items</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-10">10. Action Items</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-11">11. Meeting Adjourned</a></li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>

# Attendees<a id="sec-1" name="sec-1"></a>

-   Kaleo
-   Trevor
-   Christian
-   Colene
-   Ken Uchida
-   Kenny
-   Jared

# IAB Meeting Recap<a id="sec-2" name="sec-2"></a>

-   Student Resumes
-   Clean up the minutes based on the IAB
-   Spectrum Analyzer
    -   Dropped Point
-   Transparency with IAB, SAB, and EE Dept
-   Call to action for student organization
    -   "What's happening next year?"
    -   potential "junior" board
        -   problem: recruitment
-   Minutes missing points involving engineering 100 class
    -   potential review over pre-engineering
-   KEEP COMMENTS CONFIDENTIAL
    -   point vague in IAB minutes

# Stipend Letter Draft<a id="sec-3" name="sec-3"></a>

-   Talk to Robinson Bucaneg about stipend letter
-   Goal: Response from the dean

# Student Fee Poll<a id="sec-4" name="sec-4"></a>

-   37 Responses
    -   24 Seniors
    -   6 Junior
    -   6 Sophomore
    -   1 Freshman
-   Email was not appealing (no offense.)
-   Matlab > Holmes Hall EE Network > Undergrad Proj. Equipment > Reflow Oven in project room > New Items for Instructional Labs
-   Suggested Ideas
    -   Arduino Kits
    -   Flight controllers and Raspberry Pi kits
-   "Wishlist" from past years on website
-   Inform students about free software
-   Include number of students in lab for purchase list
-   Put all content onto Github

# EE315 Textbook Loan Issue<a id="sec-5" name="sec-5"></a>

-   Request as much juniors/seniors as possible to loan out books for the EE315 class
-   First come first serve basis
-   Books are on short supply (8 copies, 2 copies given to Liang and EE office, 12-13+ interested in getting a book)
-   Contingency Plan: Request for the book to be optional
-   Open more rooms for students to study
-   Problem aimed to be solved by Monday

# Github<a id="sec-6" name="sec-6"></a>

-   Still using it

# ECUH Meeting<a id="sec-7" name="sec-7"></a>

-   Presenting SAB at ECUH Meeting
    -   tell who we are, what we've done, etc.
    -   Use ECUH to represent other engineering departments.
-   ECUH meeting to be held on November 3 at 6:00pm - 7:00pm

# Future Meetings<a id="sec-8" name="sec-8"></a>

-   Bi-weekly meetings should be scheduled
-   Next meeting potentially on Wednesday at 4:30

# Previous Action Items<a id="sec-9" name="sec-9"></a>

-   [X] Colene to coordinate time for room tour
-   [X] Draft letter to Dean Peter Crouch (CoE) asking for clear position statement regarding stipend policy (Trevor, Felix)
-   [ ] Colene to follow up on remaining officer photos
-   [X] Additions to powerpoint presentation
-   [X] Kenny to add programming language to presentation
-   [ ] Bronson to talk to Shiroma about upgrading the server
-   [X] Felix and Trevor to push the website and send a link to it
-   [X] Christian to talk to Lori about the extension on Thursday

# Action Items<a id="sec-10" name="sec-10"></a>

-   [ ] Look through IAB minutes in the next meeting
-   [ ] Christian to put the list on Github
-   [ ] Kaleo to email the SAB to create a Github account
-   [ ] Ken to make fliers for ECUH meeting
-   [ ] Trevor to make slides for ECUH meeting
-   [ ] Colene and Kenny to finalize the EE315 book plan with IEEE

# Meeting Adjourned<a id="sec-11" name="sec-11"></a>

<span class="timestamp-wrapper"><span class="timestamp">&lt;2014-10-23 Thu 18:09&gt;</span></span>
