<div id="table-of-contents">
<h2>Table of Contents</h2>
<div id="text-table-of-contents">
<ul>
<li><a href="#sec-1">1. Attendees</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-2">2. Meeting Start: <span class="timestamp-wrapper"><span class="timestamp">&lt;2015-02-25 Wed 17:06&gt;</span></span></a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-3">3. Previous (2/11/15) Minutes Approved on <span class="timestamp-wrapper"><span class="timestamp">&lt;2015-02-11 Wed 17:11&gt;</span></span></a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-4">4. Previous Action Items</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-5">5. The CNC Mill and 3D Printer Situation</a>
<ul>
<li><a href="#sec-5-1">5.1. Needs to hire a second technician</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-5-2">5.2. Change of the request process</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><a href="#sec-6">6. Discussion on a public policy for the Holmes Hall 454 project room</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-7">7. 2015-16 Professional Fees Proposal list</a>
<ul>
<li><a href="#sec-7-1">7.1. Junior Board’s Opinions</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><a href="#sec-8">8. Update on Committees for 2014-15 Professional Fee Items</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-9">9. Action Items</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-10">10. Meeting Adjourned: <span class="timestamp-wrapper"><span class="timestamp">&lt;2015-02-11 Wed 18:12&gt;</span></span></a></li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>

# Attendees<a id="sec-1" name="sec-1"></a>

-   Dr. Shiroma
-   Kaleo
-   Bronson
-   Felix
-   Christian
-   Bryan Fewell
-   Tyrin Besas
-   Stanley Taguchi

# Meeting Start: <span class="timestamp-wrapper"><span class="timestamp">&lt;2015-02-25 Wed 17:04&gt;</span></span><a id="sec-2" name="sec-2"></a>

# Previous (2/11/15) Minutes Approved on <span class="timestamp-wrapper"><span class="timestamp">&lt;2015-02-25 Wed 17:11&gt;</span></span><a id="sec-3" name="sec-3"></a>

-   4 Approve

# Previous Action Items<a id="sec-4" name="sec-4"></a>

-   [ ] Kaleo and Christian to work on the budget list
-   [ ] Post the CNC Mill policy paper onto the website
-   [ ] Ask Dr. Shiroma to make the project lab room public
-   [ ] Felix to research tutoring options
-   [ ] Kaleo and Christian to work on the budget list
-   [ ] Felix to research tutoring options
-   [ ] Felix and Bronson to collaborate with Myron regarding  miscellaneous electronics and chairs
-   [ ] Christian and Kaleo to collaborate with Garmire regarding reflow ovens
-   [ ] A text file regarding ideas for the priority process for Matlab licenses to be worked on in Github and later voted on

# The CNC Mill and 3D Printer Situation<a id="sec-5" name="sec-5"></a>

-   Bryan: The 3D Printer requires his computer to be left overnight if the product being printed is large.  
   -   Shiroma: An option is to place an immediate purchase for a computer for the 3D printer
   -   Felix: Another option is to assemble a computer with donated components depending on the proper computer spec for the 3D printer 

## Needs to hire a second technician <a id="sec-5-1" name="sec-5-1"></a>

-   Shiroma: Bryan is still a student and has other priorities aside being the Project Room’s Technician . As a precaution, a second technician should be appointed

## Change of the request process<a id="sec-5-2" name="sec-5-2"></a>

-   Bryan: Current process of requesting use of the 3D Printer or CNC Mill is to e-mail  him and have a reply back is becoming an issue. 
-   Bryan: He proposing a new request process of an online google doc form being filled out instead of e-mails

# Discussion on a public policy for the Holmes Hall 454 project room<a id="sec-6" name="sec-6"></a>

-   Bronson: There was an occurrence of people using the room late at night without a supervisor
-   Shiroma: As a safety precaution, those people should not be in there 
-   Shiroma: More monitors need to be assigned if the project room is to be used late or made available to public
-   Shiroma: A portion of the professional fees could go to hiring dedicated monitors to the room

# 2015-16 Professional Fees Proposal list<a id="sec-7" name="sec-7"></a>

-   Christian:  The results of the 5th IEEE General Meeting result in a request in new lab equipment
    -    Felix:  Suggests to contact the Teaching Assistants and have them record needed items
-   Shiroma: The method to collect information was a surprise as he expected there to be a discussion
    -   Christian:  Planning to discuss with Kenny on plans to have a discussion in the next meeting
    -   Shiroma,Felix: Suggests to include the message that the discussion will be focused on the $500 fee the students are receiving

## Junior Board’s Opinions <a id="sec-7-1" name="sec-7-1"></a>

-  Felix: What is the best method to inform the public EE student body of upcoming events? E-mail, a screen?
   -   Tyrin: A screen in POST sounds to be the best option
      -   Felix: There is a need to discuss with the College of Engineering if a screen would go in there. Possibly the screen would not be spent with the professional fees

# Update on Committees for 2014-15 Professional Fee Items<a id="sec-8" name="sec-8"></a>

-   Bronson,Felix: The priority for Matlab Licenses are clarified
-   Felix: Scheduled a meeting with Myron  to discuss the sodering irons and the other lab equipment
-   [through e-mal]Kenny: Discussed with June Aker about the PC and the budget requires a stretch :
-   Kaleo: Plans to e-mail Dr. Garmier at the end of the meeting for specifications for a reflow oven

# Action Items<a id="sec-9" name="sec-9"></a>

-   [ ] Contact the lab class teaching assistances to schedule times to visit students and collect information for next professional fees list
-   [ ] Discuss plans to lead in a professional fees discussion for the next IEEE General Meeting
-   [ ] Bryon to work on an inventory list of items in the Holmes Hall 454 project room and a wishlist of needed items for room
-   [ ] Felix meeting with Myron regarding  miscellaneous electronics and chairs
-   [ ] Transfer of the Student Advisory Board website off the EE website to the IEEE website
-   [ ] Christian and Kaleo to collaborate with Garmire regarding reflow ovens

# Meeting Adjourned: <span class="timestamp-wrapper"><span class="timestamp">&lt;2015-02-25 Wed 18:11&gt;</span></span><a id="sec-10" name="sec-10"></a>
