<div id="table-of-contents">
<h2>Table of Contents</h2>
<div id="text-table-of-contents">
<ul>
<li><a href="#sec-1">1. Attendees</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-2">2. Meeting Start: <span class="timestamp-wrapper"><span class="timestamp">&lt;2015-02-11 Wed 17:06&gt;</span></span></a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-3">3. Previous (2/4/15) Minutes Approved on <span class="timestamp-wrapper"><span class="timestamp">&lt;2015-02-11 Wed 17:11&gt;</span></span></a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-4">4. Previous Action Items</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-5">5. Reforming Committees</a>
<ul>
<li><a href="#sec-5-1">5.1. Misc. Electronics (Soldering Iron, Power Supplies) &amp; Chairs</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-5-2">5.2. PCs</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-5-3">5.3. Reflow Oven</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><a href="#sec-6">6. Matlab</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-7">7. "Active" SAB Officers</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-8">8. IEEE General Meeting</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-9">9. Action Items</a></li>
<li><a href="#sec-10">10. Meeting Adjourned: <span class="timestamp-wrapper"><span class="timestamp">&lt;2015-02-11 Wed 18:12&gt;</span></span></a></li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>

# Attendees<a id="sec-1" name="sec-1"></a>

-   Kaleo
-   Kenny
-   Jared
-   Christian
-   Felix
-   Bronson

# Meeting Start: <span class="timestamp-wrapper"><span class="timestamp">&lt;2015-02-11 Wed 17:06&gt;</span></span><a id="sec-2" name="sec-2"></a>

# Previous (2/4/15) Minutes Approved on <span class="timestamp-wrapper"><span class="timestamp">&lt;2015-02-11 Wed 17:11&gt;</span></span><a id="sec-3" name="sec-3"></a>

-   5 Approve
-   1 Abstain

# Previous Action Items<a id="sec-4" name="sec-4"></a>

-   [ ] Kaleo and Christian to work on the budget list
-   [X] Kaleo to either email Gail or visit in person at Holmes 246
-   [X] Matlab form needs to be revised
-   [X] Matlab form revisions 2 and 3 to be posted to Github
-   [ ] Post the CNC Mill policy paper onto the website
-   [ ] Ask Dr. Shiroma to make the project lab room public
-   [ ] Felix to research tutoring options
-   [X] Felix to email Dr. Shiroma to email Jody for the report
-   [X] Kenny to talk to June to clarify what she means by "upgrading the server

# Reforming Committees<a id="sec-5" name="sec-5"></a>

-   Kaleo: two max for each committee
-   Bronson: Give credit to the members in each committee and their collaborators

## Misc. Electronics (Soldering Iron, Power Supplies) & Chairs<a id="sec-5-1" name="sec-5-1"></a>

-   Committee Members: Felix (lead), Bronson
-   Collaborate with Myron

## PCs<a id="sec-5-2" name="sec-5-2"></a>

-   Committee Members: Kenny (lead), Jared
-   Collaborate with June

## Reflow Oven<a id="sec-5-3" name="sec-5-3"></a>

-   Committee Members: Christian, Kaleo (lead)
-   Collaborate with Garmire
-   Kaleo: any new members are welcome to join any of the committees
-   Kenny, Kaleo: Finish tasks by the end of the semester

# Matlab<a id="sec-6" name="sec-6"></a>

-   Bronson: Liane still needs to approve the time frame for distributing licenses
-   Kenny, Bronson, Felix: A new doc will be created in Github that will hold the ideas for who gets priority for the licenses
-   Christian: make the format for the Matlab document justified
    -   Bronson: On the website, the justified format works, but it does not work for the document

# "Active" SAB Officers<a id="sec-7" name="sec-7"></a>

-   Kaleo: Will contact currently "active" members personally to see if they are still able to commit to SAB

# IEEE General Meeting<a id="sec-8" name="sec-8"></a>

-   Kaleo: A survey will be made for the participants in the general meeting regarding the budget list
-   Kaleo: Potential recruitment from the general meeting
-   Kaleo: Things to be discussed in the presentation:
    -   What SAB is
    -   What SAB has done last year & last semester
    -   The budget list
    -   Recruitment
-   Christian: The hard-copy survey will be copied and posted online

# Action Items<a id="sec-9" name="sec-9"></a>

-   [ ] Kaleo and Christian to work on the budget list
-   [ ] Post the CNC Mill policy paper onto the website
-   [ ] Ask Dr. Shiroma to make the project lab room public
-   [ ] Felix to research tutoring options
-   [ ] Felix and Bronson to collaborate with Myron regarding  miscellaneous electronics and chairs
-   [ ] Kenny and Jared to collaborate with June regarding PCs
-   [ ] Christian and Kaleo to collaborate with Garmire regarding reflow ovens
-   [ ] A text file regarding ideas for the priority process for Matlab licenses to be worked on in Github and later voted on
-   [ ] Kaleo to contact the other "active" SAB members via email
-   [ ] Kaleo to make the SAB presentation for the IEEE general meeting

# Meeting Adjourned: <span class="timestamp-wrapper"><span class="timestamp">&lt;2015-02-11 Wed 18:12&gt;</span></span><a id="sec-10" name="sec-10"></a>
